README.md, before:

# Bundle Crash Fix

Protect yourself from nasty cheaters trying to crash the server with Bundles!

How it works:  
- Player crafts a bundle
- sends specifically crafted packets that would crash Minecraft
- Bundle Crash Fix: Prevents the handling of the packet -> the server doesn't even notice anything, no crash 🎉  

Currently supporting:  
- Bukkit
- Spigot
- Paper
- Purpur
- Bungeecord
- Waterfall
- Velocity
- Fabric
- Quilt
- Forge
- NeoForge

## Licencing
The mod is licenced under the GPL3.0 licence
![Image which shows the logo of the GPL3 licence. With the text: GPL3, Free Software, Free as in Freedom](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/GPLv3_Logo.svg?download)

Thanks to b0red for the awesome band-aid image used on the logo available on [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/de/vectors/pflaster-erste-hilfe-medizinisch-3116999/)  

Spigot and Velocity builds use [PacketEvents](https://modrinth.com/plugin/packetevents) which is licenced under GPL-3.0. You can review the licence text on [Github](https://github.com/retrooper/packetevents/blob/2.0/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update license to make creation of modpacks easier

README.md, after:

# Bundle Crash Fix

Protect yourself from nasty cheaters trying to crash the server with Bundles!

## How it works
- A player crafts a bundle
- Sends specifically crafted packets that would crash Minecraft
- **Bundle Crash Fix**: Prevents the handling of the packet → the server doesn't even notice anything — no crash 🎉

## Currently Supporting
- Bukkit
- Spigot
- Paper
- Purpur
- Bungeecord
- Waterfall
- Velocity
- Fabric
- Quilt
- Forge
- NeoForge

---

## Licensing

The **plugin versions** are licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0)**.  
![GPL3 Logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/GPLv3_Logo.svg)

The **mod versions** are licensed under the **GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 (LGPL-3.0)** to make modpack creation easier.  
![LGPL3 Logo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/LGPLv3_Logo.svg)

You can find more information in the [LICENCE.md](https://github.com/Onako2/BundleCrashFix/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.

Thanks to **b0red** for the awesome band-aid image used in the logo, available on [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/de/vectors/pflaster-erste-hilfe-medizinisch-3116999/).
